
> longevity-presentation@1.0.0 pipeline
> tsx --env-file=.env.local scripts/pipeline.ts discover --dry-run

Proposing topics (dry run — nothing will be written)…

  Childhood Diagnostic Assessment  (under Neurodevelopment)
      Roughly 35 of the 40 unfiled claims share one subject: how autism, ADHD, and anxiety are actually diagnosed in children — who assesses, multi-source data collection (parent history, teacher/therapist report, direct observation), the DSM criteria-plus-functional-impairment threshold, the spectrum-vs-category framing, age-at-diagnosis timing, evolving criteria (Asperger's/PDD-NOS consolidation into ASD in DSM-5), and what a diagnostic label does and does not tell a clinician. They cluster on the assessment process rather than on any single condition, so one broad topic covers autism, ADHD, and childhood anxiety together instead of three narrow siblings; the remaining prevalence/environmental-risk claims are bullets inside it. Sits as a sub-level under the existing Neurodevelopment topic (level 3, no new depth) since that parent is already sizable at 32 claims and these claims would otherwise dominate it.
      from: Claims that currently have no topic at all

  Training Program Design  (under Exercise)
      A large block of these claims is not about aerobic capacity as a physiological trait but about how to structure training: interval prescriptions (3-8 min work:recovery 1:1, 10x1 min at 90-110% VO2 max), minimum effective dose for time-constrained people (3-4 h Zone 2 plus one VO2 max session; 3 h/week split across resistance and aerobic), intensity-versus-volume trade-offs when weekly volume is capped, exercise snacks, combining resistance with heart-rate-elevating work, sequencing hard sessions around recovery days, cross-modality transfer, and realistic timelines for adaptation. That is ~13 of the shown claims sharing one durable subject a clinician or coach would browse to. It sits at level 2 under Exercise rather than inside Cardiorespiratory Fitness because the same programming claims span resistance and aerobic work. Remaining clusters here (overtraining/HRV monitoring, exercise-induced glucose response, VO2 max as a longevity predictor) are each well under the size threshold or already covered by Healthspan & Lifespan and Metabolic Health, and should stay as sections within their parents.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Cardiorespiratory Fitness"

  Female Athlete Physiology  (under Exercise)
      About 15 of the shown claims concern how female-specific physiology shapes training and recovery: menstrual cycle phase effects on performance, fatigue, soreness, substrate use and measurement timing (1, 11-14, 16-18, 20); delayed menarche and underfueling in athletes (4, 8, 10, 33); perimenopausal training prescription (21); and pregnancy/postpartum exercise capacity (36, 38). No existing Exercise topic covers this, and the reproductive-side 'Menstrual Cycle' topic is not where a clinician would browse for training guidance. One broad topic keeps cycle, menarche, perimenopause and peripartum athlete content together rather than splitting into narrow siblings.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Exercise Physiology"

  Scientific Uncertainty & Public Trust  (under Health Communication)
      Roughly 14 of the sampled claims (12-25) share one subject: how uncertain or contested health evidence gets translated for the public. They cover stating evidence limits explicitly rather than claiming proof, disclosing bias, distinguishing absolute-harm framing from provisional claims, when simplified heuristics (e.g. 'avoid ultra-processed foods', simplified protein targets) help versus mislead, and how social-media compression strips context and manufactures an illusion of contradictory science that erodes trust. This is a durable area a clinician or communicator would browse to, and it sits one level under Health Communication alongside the existing Food Marketing child without adding a fourth level. The remaining sampled claims (screening counseling, women's-health education gaps, drug/clinic marketing claims) are too few and too scattered to warrant topics of their own and should stay as bullets in Health Communication or move into their clinical parents.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Health Communication"

  Fertility Preservation  (under Fertility Treatment)
      Roughly 15+ of these claims concern the decision, economics, and outcomes of preserving future fertility: age-at-freezing tradeoffs and the J-curve, AMH baseline testing before committing, cycle and annual storage costs and their component breakdown, live-birth probability calculators and the maturation/euploidy attrition rates that feed them, retrieval risk, the ~90% non-utilization rate, subsidized/state-funded programs, and ovarian cortex cryopreservation as the alternative modality. These share a single browsing intent — 'should I preserve, when, and what do I get for it' — distinct from treating existing infertility, and it is a durable area a clinician would navigate to as a whole.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Fertility Treatment"

  Muscle, Strength & Longevity  (under Exercise)
      About a dozen of the shown claims are not about how to train but about what muscle mass and strength predict and do systemically: bottom-quartile muscle mass and a 2.3 HR for all-cause mortality, octogenarian survival by DEXA/leg-extension quartiles, grip strength as a mortality biomarker (~30% per 10 kg) and its polygenic associations with dementia/diabetes/MACE, muscle vs. cardiorespiratory fitness as top post-age lifespan predictors, fitness metrics benchmarked against smoking/hypertension/diabetes hazard ratios, strength (not mass) as the causal driver of outcomes, the bidirectional health-training-survival relationship, and muscle's roles as glucose sink, myokine-secreting endocrine organ, and protein reservoir during illness. These sit awkwardly inside Resistance Training (a training-method topic) and are too specific for Healthspan & Lifespan; one broad level-2 sibling to Cardiorespiratory Fitness and Functional Aging gives a clinician an obvious place to browse. Training-technique, protein-dose, supplement, and age-related-decline claims in this batch should merge into existing Resistance Training, Protein, Supplements, and Functional Aging topics rather than spawn further topics.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Resistance Training"

  Menopause & Cognition  (under Menopause)
      Roughly a dozen of the sampled claims form one coherent clinical subject: menopause-related cognitive impairment as an entity distinct from Alzheimer's disease (definition, surgical-menopause presentation, sex-specific AD risk), its estrogen/acetylcholine substrate, the learned non-use pattern that worsens it, and its treatments (HRT, donepezil trial, targeted cognitive exercise, TMS). No existing topic holds this — Cognitive Aging covers age-related decline generally and Neurodegenerative Disease covers primary neurodegeneration, whereas these claims are specifically about a reversible, hormonally driven syndrome a clinician would browse to as a unit. The remaining sampled claims (perimenopausal hormone tracking with day-5 FSH/AMH, exercise and muscle-quality changes, thyroid differential diagnosis, ovarian tissue cryopreservation) do not cluster into a second subject of adequate size and are better merged into existing Diagnostics, Functional Aging/Resistance Training, Thyroid Disorders, and Fertility Treatment topics or kept as bullets within Menopause.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Menopause"

  Oxidative Stress & Lipid Oxidation  (under Reducing Risks)
      About 13 of the shown claims (7-11, 24-27, 36-39, and partly 40) share one subject: how lipids oxidize and why that matters — LDL oxidation and aggregation in the arterial intima, the plasma-vs-intima antioxidant gradient, oxidized LDL's atherogenicity, saturated vs polyunsaturated susceptibility, and oxidation products formed in heated or reused cooking oil. They currently sit in 'Healthspan & Lifespan', which is not their subject, and they straddle two existing topics (Lipidology captures only the arterial-wall half, Dietary Fat only the cooking half), so neither merge target holds the cluster. One broad topic under Reducing Risks, sibling to Chronic Inflammation, gives the whole oxidation story a durable home with the dietary and vascular material as sections inside it. The remaining claims in this batch (lifespan history, longevity goal-setting, muscle-mortality associations) each fall well short of ~8 and should stay as bullets in their parents.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Healthspan & Lifespan"

  Cognitive Assessment & Diagnosis  (under Cognitive Aging)
      About 17 of the shown claims share one subject: how cognitive decline is detected, measured, and distinguished from normal aging. They cover screening-test ceilings and compensation in high-ability patients (1, 6, 7, 14), amyloid/tau PET, CSF, and blood biomarkers plus the limits of amyloid positivity as a diagnostic criterion (2, 3, 12), domain-by-domain evaluation, staging, and prognosis rather than a single global stage (4, 5, 8), what counts as normal memory function versus pathology (9, 10, 11), and differential diagnosis across Lewy body disease, Alzheimer's, and related conditions (16, 17, 18). These currently sit undifferentiated in a 48-claim parent whose remaining claims are about mechanisms, treatments, and reserve. One broad diagnostic topic covers all of them without splitting into biomarker/screening/differential siblings. The remaining clusters — menopause-related cognitive impairment (19-24, 28-30) and TMS/cognitive-exercise interventions (13, 21, 25, 30, 31) — are better merged into the existing Menopause and Neuroscience topics than given topics of their own.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Cognitive Aging"

  Fertilization & Sperm Transport  (under Sperm & Reproductive Biology)
      Eleven of the shown claims (semen coagulation/liquefaction, the 10-12 inch journey, chemoreceptor navigation of follicular fluid, the 100M→5M→100→1 attrition cascade, cervical cyclic immune gating, uterine immune activity, sperm 'phalanx' immune evasion, heterogeneous immune-deactivating capacity, immune-mediated infertility, and the requirement for full epididymal maturation to survive the female tract) all describe one subject: what happens to sperm between ejaculation and fertilization, and how the female reproductive tract selects among them. It is a coherent area a clinician would browse to when working up unexplained or immune-mediated infertility, and it is distinct from the remaining claims in this bucket, which are about sperm production/anatomy, gamete evolution (already served by Evolutionary & Developmental Biology), paternal-age mutation risk (Genetics), and banking/ART (Fertility Treatment). The remaining sub-clusters are each under ~8 claims and should stay as bullets or merge into those existing topics rather than becoming siblings.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Sperm & Reproductive Biology"

  Obesity & Energy Balance  (under Metabolic Health)
      About a dozen of the shown claims are not about glucose/insulin physiology at all — they concern chronic energy surplus and its consequences: the evolutionary mismatch of the modern food environment and fat-storage physiology, obesity as a multi-factorial condition with stacked causes, obesity as a driver of dementia and of cancer via insulin/IGF-1, the ~70% over-nourished prevalence figure, and the practical caloric-reduction levers (direct restriction, dietary restriction, time restriction) plus food quality and satiation as determinants of total intake. These cluster into one durable, browsable subject a clinician would go to for 'why patients carry excess energy and what to do about it', and they currently sit awkwardly inside a parent otherwise dominated by glycemia and insulin signaling. Deliberately proposed as ONE broad topic rather than separate obesity-risk and caloric-restriction siblings; the remaining clusters here (fasting/AMPK, thyroid, testosterone-metabolism links, CGM/insulin dynamics) each fall short of the size bar or already have homes in Fasting, Thyroid Disorders, Endocrinology, and Metabolic Health itself.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Metabolic Health"

  Ultra-Processed Foods  (under Food Systems)
      Roughly a dozen of the shown claims (2, 3, 4, 9, 10, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 18, 19, 20) all address one browsable subject: how food quality should be classified and what 'processing' does or doesn't predict — the NOVA definition and its ambiguity, 'ultra-formulated' vs 'ultra-processed' framing, definitional arbitrage by manufacturers, calorie-controlled evidence, palatability/energy-density design, and the closely bound 'natural vs artificial' framing that these claims use to argue the same point (naturalness is not a safety predictor; most 'natural' foods are bred modern varieties). These are the same argument seen from different angles, so one broad, durable topic serves a clinician better than separate 'UPF Classification' and 'Natural vs Artificial' siblings. The remaining Food Systems claims stay put: seed-oil processing and hexane residue (21–28, 31) belong as sections inside the existing Dietary Fat topic rather than a new sibling, and the food-environment/industry-funding claims (1, 5, 8, 11, 17, 29, 30, 32) are already well served by Food Systems and Public Health.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Food Systems"

  Drug Regulation & Approval  (under Pharmaceuticals)
      About 20 of the shown claims concern how drugs are regulated rather than how they act clinically: FDA approval pathways (505B2, grandfathered desiccated thyroid, levothyroxine approved without a trial, non-approval of clomafine citrate), controlled-substance scheduling and its effect on prescribing (testosterone, HCG vs. clomiphene), compounding-pharmacy quality control and batch consistency, generic/brand bioequivalence and pharmacy substitution, USP potency standards and recall surveillance, and what reproductive-safety testing regulators do or don't require. This is a durable area a clinician would browse to when asking 'can I trust this formulation and how did it get to market', and it is distinct from the pricing, market-failure, and drug-class claims that remain in the parent. Fewer than ~8 claims each cover drug pricing/economics and reproductive-safety screening, so those stay as bullets in the parent; the thyroid-specific pharmacology claims are better merged into the existing Thyroid Disorders topic than split out.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Pharmaceuticals"

  Cancer Screening  (under Cancer)
      Eleven claims (2,3,4,5,7,8,9,10,11,12,36) form a coherent body on screening: conflicting organizational guidelines, screening intervals and their differing optimization targets, overdiagnosis, underscreening prevalence and risk-matched imaging gaps, demographic risk differences, and the individual-vs-population framing of screening decisions. This is a substantial area a clinician browses to as a unit, and it sits naturally as one level beneath Cancer rather than scattered among general Public Health or Cancer claims. Kept as ONE broad topic rather than splitting guidelines / adherence / overdiagnosis into siblings — those are sections within the article.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Public Health"

  Social Determinants of Health  (under Public Health)
      Ten claims (22,23,24,27,28,29,30,31,32,33) share the subject of how upstream social and environmental conditions — education quality, financial security, family stability, relative inequality, wealth-development context, and the engineered food environment — drive obesity and metabolic disease, and why individual-level knowledge or education interventions fail without systemic change. They repeatedly cite the same longitudinal evidence base (Moving to Opportunity, Abecedarian) and the same null-result pattern for conventional interventions. One broad, durable topic covers both the determinants and the intervention-effectiveness claims; splitting into 'food environment' and 'socioeconomic determinants' would fragment a single argument.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Public Health"

  Chromosomal Abnormalities  (under Genetics)
      About 16 of the shown claims are one subject: what happens when chromosome number is wrong. Aneuploidy definition and parental origin, the maternal-age aneuploidy curve and its J-shape/optimum, trisomy vs monosomy viability, PGD decisions, and the named syndromes (Turner, Klinefelter) with their phenotypes, dosage effects, and sperm-aneuploidy risk all belong together. This is a substantial area a fertility clinician browses to directly, and it is currently diluted inside the general Genetics bucket. Sits at level 3 under Genetics, adding no fourth level.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Genetics"

  Brain Lipid Metabolism  (under Neuroscience)
      Seventeen of the forty claims (17-20, 22, 23, 25, 27, 32-40) form one coherent subject: the brain's cholesterol and lipid economy operating independently of plasma lipids — astrocyte de novo synthesis, APOE/LRP1 transport to neurons, desmosterol vs. lathosterol as synthesis biomarkers, blood-brain-barrier transport of HDL and omega-3 lysophospholipids, statin penetration, neuronal cholesterol half-life, and how membrane cholesterol levels steer APP processing toward amyloid. This is a substantial area a clinician would browse to, distinct from both Lipidology (which covers plasma/apoB lipids) and Neurodegenerative Disease (which covers clinical dementia). Remaining clusters were deliberately not proposed: the Alzheimer's pathology/heterogeneity claims (1, 4-7, 14, 16, 24) belong in the existing Neurodegenerative Disease topic, and the name-recall/adaptive-forgetting claims (3, 8, 9, 12, 13) are too few to stand alone and fit as bullets under Neuroscience or Cognitive Aging.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Neuroscience"

  Ultra-Processed Foods & Dietary Heuristics  (under Nutrition)
      About 11 of the shown claims (15, 17, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37) form one coherent subject: whether the 'ultra-processed' category is mechanistically meaningful, and how coarse categorical rules ('avoid UPFs', 'shop the periphery') perform as behavioral guidance — their framing dependence, decay over time, manufacturer boundary-testing, interaction with reader knowledge level, and the autonomy constraints on restrictive policy. These sit awkwardly in 'Dietary Optimization' (which is about tailoring intake) and are broader than 'Food Marketing' or 'Food Systems' (supply-side). One broad topic covers both the classification critique and the heuristics-vs-mechanism debate; splitting them would fragment a single argument. The remaining protein-distribution claims (4-6, 8-12) should merge into the existing Protein topic rather than seed a new one.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Dietary Optimization"

  Statistical Power & Sample Size  (under Research & Evidence)
      About ten of the shown claims are not about randomization per se but about whether a study could ever detect an effect: nutrition RCTs underpowered by orders of magnitude vs pharma trials (16), low baseline event rates making cardiovascular trials inadequate even when large (21), confidence intervals crossing 1.0 (25), a handful of events swinging significance (26), 26-28 participants per arm in the Rose corn oil trial (27, 29, 30), 800+ participants still underpowered and needing meta-analysis (31), and injury-prevention trials needing thousands of participants over 15 years (37). This is a durable, broadly applicable evidence-literacy subject that governs epidemiology, meta-analysis, and observational work too, so it sits alongside Bias & Confounding under Research & Evidence rather than inside Randomized Controlled Trials. The remaining claims here — crossover/washout design, endpoint hierarchies, and trial population selection — stay as sections within the existing Randomized Controlled Trials article; each is too small to stand alone and all three are core to what that topic already covers.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Randomized Controlled Trials"

  Sex Differences in Behavior  (under Behavioral Science)
      About 30 of the 40 shown claims form one coherent subject: testosterone and prenatal hormone exposure as drivers of sex-typed behavior (8, 9, 11, 12, 13, 27, 34, 35, 36, 39, 40), direct vs indirect aggression and its cultural modulation (3, 4, 6, 7, 16, 18, 19, 29, 30, 32), competitive drive and achievement orientation (21, 22, 23, 38), parental investment and caregiving (5, 24, 37), and the within-sex-variation caveats that qualify all of the above (6, 28, 31). These currently sit undifferentiated in a 141-claim parent and share one browsable subject a clinician would look for by name. Kept as a single broad topic rather than splitting into aggression / hormones / competition siblings — the mechanism, the behavior, and the caveats only make sense read together. The remaining claims (name-retrieval workarounds, fasting adherence, dietary-rule adherence, sexual motivation) are scattered singletons and should stay as bullets in the parent.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Behavioral Science"

  Testosterone Replacement Therapy  (under Hormone Replacement Therapy)
      About 27 of the 40 shown claims concern androgen therapy in men specifically: indications and symptom-driven vs. age-based decisions, individual variability and androgen receptor sensitivity, safety (prostate, cardiovascular, polycythemia, hypertension), HPG/HPA suppression and fertility loss, alternatives that preserve gonadal function (hCG, clomiphene), formulation and dosing pharmacokinetics, withdrawal and dependence, and non-indicated use in young men. This is a durable area a clinician would browse to as a unit, and it is distinct enough from the estrogen/menopausal HRT claims that dominate the parent that they currently sit together only because both are 'hormone replacement.' The remaining claims stay put: the menopausal estrogen claims (~7) belong as bullets in the parent, and the two thyroid hormone claims belong in the existing Thyroid Disorders topic. Placed as a single child rather than splitting further — fertility preservation, dosing/formulations, and safety are sections within this article, not sibling topics.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Hormone Replacement Therapy"

  Ketogenic Diet Implementation  (under Ketosis)
      About a dozen of the shown claims are not about ketosis physiology or seizure therapy but about practically running the diet: macro/calorie tracking apps, titrating protein to individual need, gradual 4-6 week transition for adherence, monitoring LDL/apoB and managing lipid responses, ApoE4 and fatty-acid-oxidation genotype responses, electrolyte issues at initiation, and distinguishing prescription metabolic therapy from casual low-carb. Ketosis is a 135-claim parent whose only existing child covers measurement, so this practical-management material currently has no home; one broad level-3 child absorbs all of it. The seizure-related claims here should merge into the existing Epilepsy & Seizure Disorders topic, and the ketone blood/breath/CGM claims into the existing Ketone Measurement topic, rather than becoming new topics.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Ketosis"

  Supplement Quality & Evaluation  (under Supplements)
      About ten claims share one subject: how to decide whether any supplement is worth taking — requiring human efficacy and safety data rather than mechanism alone, third-party purity testing, label claims not matching actual content (notably omega-3 EPA/DHA amounts), the 'natural vs synthetic' marketing framing versus molecular reality, the patenting/economic incentives shaping supplement research, and the absence of a stated goal (lifespan vs healthspan) behind most use. This is a durable evaluation-framework area a clinician would browse to, distinct from claims about what any individual compound does.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Supplements"

  Micronutrients  (under Supplements)
      Roughly eight claims concern vitamin and mineral status and intake rather than supplementation strategy generally: iodine adequacy thresholds, iodine-induced hyperthyroidism and autoimmune thyroid risk, selenium/vitamin D effects on TPO, iron and menstrual blood loss, zinc and magnesium for luteal-phase sleep, magnesium depletion on carnivore diets, and vitamin C from organ meats. One broad micronutrient topic covers all of these; splitting by individual mineral would fragment into single-claim buckets.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Supplements"

  Happiness & Emotional Wellbeing  (under Mental Health & Cognition)
      About 25 of the 40 shown claims (8, 9, 11, 12, 14–16, 21–25, 27–29, 31–40) are not clinical quality-of-life claims at all — they concern the nature, structure, and modifiability of happiness itself: happiness vs. momentary feeling, the enjoyment/satisfaction/purpose components, the independence of happy and unhappy affect, the U-shaped emotional-health trajectory, deliberate practice to improve wellbeing, and the wellbeing–longevity relationship. That is well past the ~8-claim minimum and is a substantial area a clinician or patient would browse to. Filing them under 'Quality of Life' (a disease-burden and functional-impairment bucket, which claims 3–7, 18–20 genuinely are) conflates two different subjects. One broad topic is proposed rather than separate 'Happiness', 'Enjoyment vs. Pleasure', and 'Emotional Health Trajectories' siblings; the handful of measurement-instrument claims (27, 32) and purpose-definition claims (26, 30) can continue to live in the existing Wellbeing Measurement and Meaning & Purpose topics, with this topic cross-referencing them.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Quality of Life"

  Breast Cancer  (under Cancer)
      Roughly 33 of the 40 shown claims are specifically about breast cancer: risk assessment and stratification (BRCA, family history, breast density, reproductive and modifiable risk factors, formal risk calculators, high-risk thresholds), screening strategy and its harms (age to start, mammography vs MRI vs ultrasound vs DBT, callback and false-positive rates, overdiagnosis, underscreening), DCIS natural history, and endocrine therapy trade-offs such as aromatase inhibitors. This is one coherent, durable disease area a clinician would browse to, well above the minimum size, and it sits as a single broad child of Cancer rather than splitting into separate screening, risk, and treatment topics.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Cancer"

  Female Athlete Health  (under Exercise)
      About 18 of the shown claims are not about menstrual physiology per se but about how the cycle interacts with training, competition, recovery, and fueling in female athletes: phase-adjusted performance and recovery (8, 14, 21, 23, 29, 35), carbohydrate oxidation and nutrient timing across follicular vs luteal phases (31, 32, 33, 36), iron and blood-loss effects on endurance (24, 30), low energy availability causing delayed menarche and amenorrhea (19, 20, 28), sport-culture beliefs and drop-out at menarche (6, 17, 18), and symptom management before competition (38). This is a durable area a clinician or coach would browse to as a whole, and it sits alongside the other Exercise topics rather than inside menstrual physiology. Filing it at level 2 under Exercise keeps the tree shallow and leaves Menstrual Cycle to hold the endometrial, ovulatory, and hormonal-phase biology claims (1, 3, 9, 11, 12, 13, 15, 22, 25, 26, 34, 39, 40), which are the parent topic's own subject and should not be split out.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Menstrual Cycle"

  Weight Management  (under Nutrition)
      Roughly 15 of the sampled claims are not about measuring body composition at all but about the process of intentional weight/fat loss and its consequences: rate of loss vs. lean-mass preservation, caloric deficit and fasting, protein and resistance training during a deficit, essential amino acid timing, GLP-1-associated muscle and bone loss and dose titration by lean mass, setting realistic goal weights, and reframing 'lose weight' as 'lose fat'. That is a substantial, durable area a clinician would browse to on its own, and it currently has no home — it sits awkwardly inside a measurement topic (Body Composition & DEXA) and only glancingly overlaps Metabolic Health. One broad topic covers the whole cluster; the measurement claims (DEXA, ALMI/FFMI, percentile targets, fat distribution) stay where they are.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Body Composition & DEXA"

  Omega-3 Fatty Acids  (under Dietary Fat)
      About 14 of the shown claims concern EPA/DHA specifically: essentiality and lack of endogenous synthesis, absorption and lysophospholipid delivery forms, transport across the blood-brain barrier, brain enrichment and membrane roles, omega-3 index correlations with neurological and cardiovascular outcomes, the EPA-to-DHA conversion gap, and supplement label inaccuracy. This is a durable, clinician-browsable subject with enough mass to stand on its own, and it currently sits awkwardly alongside unrelated saturated/trans/PUFA structural material in the parent topic. The remaining claims — fatty acid geometry and membrane fluidity, trans fat harm, and the mid-century PUFA trials confounded by trans fat content — are best kept as sections within Dietary Fat rather than split into further siblings; each is either a mechanism explainer or a study-limitation discussion that reads better in context and is too small to justify its own bucket.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Dietary Fat"

  Dementia Pharmacotherapy  (under Medications)
      Roughly 25 of the 40 shown claims are about drug treatment of dementia: anti-amyloid monoclonal antibodies (lecanemab, donanemab, aducanumab) and their efficacy magnitude, ARIA mechanism/risk/monitoring/titration and steroid or Watchman workarounds, anticoagulant interactions, symptomatic agents (memantine, cholinesterase inhibitors) and combination-cocktail strategy, Lewy body vs Parkinson's medication harms, and agents with dementia-risk-reduction signals (GLP-1s, antivirals, shingles vaccine, IVIG). They cohere as one substantial area a clinician would browse to, and are currently lost in the 121-claim generic 'Medications' bucket. One broad topic covers them; the ARIA-management, titration, and disease-modifying-vs-symptomatic distinctions belong as sections inside it rather than sibling topics. The remaining claims (statins/PCSK9, testosterone, thyroid/compounding, aromatase inhibitors) are too few and too scattered to warrant anything new.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Medications"

  Dementia Diagnosis & Biomarkers  (under Neurodegenerative Disease)
      About a dozen of the shown claims are specifically about how dementia is detected, staged, and risk-stratified rather than about the disease process itself: amyloid/tau PET vs CSF lumbar puncture, blood-based biomarker standardization, the multi-modal workup (cognitive battery, EEG slowing, transcranial Doppler, hippocampal/parietal MRI, DAT scans, APOE genotype), domain-by-domain staging, subclinical imaging warning signs as prognostic markers, high-suspicion diagnosis in well-compensating patients, and genetic screening (presenilin-1, early-onset family history) including the family-history-of-dementia vs Alzheimer's distinction. This is a durable area a clinician browses to as a unit, and it is level 3 under an already very large (146-claim) parent.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Neurodegenerative Disease"

  Dementia Treatment & Disease-Modifying Therapy  (under Neurodegenerative Disease)
      A second distinct cluster of ~10 claims covers therapeutics and their management: anti-amyloid monoclonal antibodies, the vascular mechanism behind ARIA, asymptomatic and subacute ARIA-E and imaging surveillance, steroid premedication to continue therapy, safety in comorbid/anticoagulated patients, expected next-generation oral and home-administered formulations, cholinesterase-inhibitor plus memantine combination regimens, and treatment goals framed around functional preservation, comorbidity control, and network connectivity. Treatment is what a clinician browses to separately from diagnosis, and one broad therapy topic keeps ARIA, drug classes, and treatment goals together as sections rather than fragmenting into narrow siblings.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Neurodegenerative Disease"

  Genetic Risk for Dementia  (under Neurodegenerative Disease)
      About 22 of the shown claims are one subject: how inherited risk shapes Alzheimer's and related dementias — APOE isoforms, genotype frequencies and dose-dependent risk, presenilin-1 and early-onset monogenic testing, when asymptomatic biomarker screening is warranted by family history, genotype-dependent risks of amyloid-targeting antibodies, twin discordance showing genetics is not destiny, and the distinction between 'family history of dementia' and confirmed Alzheimer's. A clinician assessing a patient's inherited dementia risk browses to exactly this; today the material is scattered between an over-broad genetics bucket and a large Neurodegenerative Disease parent. One broad topic holds all of it, including future non-APOE risk genes.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Family Medical History & Genetics"

  Hereditary Cancer Risk & Screening  (under Cancer)
      Roughly 11 claims form a single decision-oriented cluster: BRCA1/2 prevalence and penetrance, why absent family history does not mean low risk, cross-cancer presentation of inherited susceptibility (prostate, pancreatic), heritability of breast density, polygenic familial clustering beyond known genes, formal risk calculators, baseline risk assessment by age 25, and the screening intensification thresholds those estimates drive. Risk stratification and the screening it triggers are inseparable here, so one broad topic beats splitting into 'hereditary syndromes' and 'risk-based screening' siblings — and Cancer is large enough to warrant a child.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Family Medical History & Genetics"

  Cancer Screening & Imaging  (under Cancer)
      About 18 of the shown claims form one coherent subject: breast cancer screening strategy and imaging modality selection — mammography/DBT strengths and limits, MRI and ultrasound roles, operator and center quality, breast density (BRADS, prevalence, effect on sensitivity), false positives and callback rates, and screening interval/scheduling evidence (CISNET annual vs biennial, alternating vs stacked). These are screening-and-detection claims sitting in the generic 'Diagnostics' bucket under a reproductive pillar; they belong with Cancer, and one broad screening/imaging topic covers modality, density, interval, and harms without splitting into narrow siblings.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Diagnostics"

  Neurodegenerative Diagnosis & Biomarkers  (under Neurodegenerative Disease)
      About 19 of the shown claims cluster on how neurodegenerative disease is actually diagnosed: Alzheimer's biomarker workup (amyloid/tau PET, CSF via lumbar puncture, plasma p-tau and blood-test false positives), competing diagnostic frameworks (Alzheimer's Association vs IWG), clinical misdiagnosis rates and ceiling effects on MMSE/MoCA in high-functioning patients, and Lewy body/Parkinson's differentiation via DAT scans, skin biopsy for alpha-synuclein, and clinical features. This is a substantial, durable area a clinician would browse to, currently orphaned in a broad 'Diagnostics' bucket in the wrong pillar; one topic holds the biomarker, imaging, and differential-diagnosis material together rather than fragmenting by modality.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Diagnostics"

  Nutritional Epidemiology  (under Research & Evidence)
      About a dozen of the shown claims (6, 7, 8, 14, 15, 17, 18, 22, 23, 24, 25) are specifically about why observational diet–outcome research resists causal inference: healthy-user clustering of dietary behaviors, confounding by culture/SES/education, non-random measurement error in self-reported intake, inability to separate a nutrient from its food matrix, selection and exposure-timing bias, and the resulting reliance on epidemiologic rather than causal evidence for guidelines. This is a substantial, durable area a clinician would browse to when judging any diet study, and it sits alongside the other methodological topics under Research & Evidence rather than inside generic Bias & Confounding. Smaller clusters in this batch — crossover/washout design (3, 10, 11, 12), the Minnesota Coronary Experiment trans-fat confounding (33–36, 39, 40), and motivated reasoning / converging evidence (26, 29–32) — are each well under the size threshold and should stay as sections within Randomized Controlled Trials, Dietary Fat, and Scientific Method respectively.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Bias & Confounding"

  Sex Differences in Neurodevelopment  (under Neurodevelopment)
      About seventeen of the shown claims form one coherent subject: prenatal and mini-puberty testosterone acting through critical windows to organize the developing brain (7, 8, 14, 15, 16, 17, 20, 23), and the behavioral expression of that organization in rough-and-tumble play and aggression (9, 10, 11, 18, 22, 24, 26, 27, 28). They share mechanism, evidence base (animal-model organizational effects with partial human support), and clinical framing around whether to permit or suppress rough play in children. This is well past the size threshold and is a durable area a clinician would browse to. The remaining clusters were deliberately not proposed: brain cholesterol and neuronal energetics (6, 12, 13, 19, 25, 29) is only six claims, and advanced paternal age and de novo mutation load (1, 3, 5) only three — both should stay as sections within Neurodevelopment (or, for paternal age, cross-reference Sperm & Reproductive Biology) until they grow.
      from: Claims currently filed under the broad topic "Neurodevelopment"

38 topic(s) proposed.

To apply: npm run pipeline -- discover && npm run pipeline -- work
